TodoTXT mode for Vim
=====================

Introduction
------------
[Todotxt](http://todotxt.com/) is a command line todo manager originally started by [Gina Trapani](http://ginatrapani.org/). All todos are managed via a simple structured textfile, todo.txt. This mode extends vim to handle todo.txt, done.txt and report.txt files.


Installation
------------
If you don't have a preferred installation method, I recommend installing [pathogen.vim](https://github.com/tpope/vim-pathogen), and then simply copy and paste:

    cd ~/.vim/bundle
    git clone git://github.com/tpope/vim-fugitive.git

If you don't want to use Pathogen check out the mode from Github and move to the .vim directory

    $ git clone https://github.com/sideshowcoder/vimtodotxt ~/Desktop/todotxt
    $ mv ~/Desktop/todotxt/\* ~/.vim/


License (BSD) 
-------------
Copyright (c) 2011, Philipp Fehre <philipp.fehre@gmail.com>
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
Neither the name of the TU München nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
